Chapter 1: A Brief History of HTML and the World Wide Web
Hypertext Markup Language - describing how text, graphics, and files containing other info are organized and linked together.
WWW - World Wide Web
web content != web pages
web content - looking at all the text and the images that we see, are rendered by our web browsers, which are given certain instructions found in individual files.
HTML markup tells the browser to display an image or video file rather than plain text
XHTML - X standing for eXtensible
Simple version of the web content delivery process:
	1. Web browser sends request for index.html located at https://www.google.com/ 
	2. web server processes, looks in directory, opens it, and sends content of that file back to browser
	3. browser receives content, which is text marked up with HTML codes, and renders the content
	4. browser looks at the src attribute in the </img> tag to find source
	5. browser requests the file at the google.com/logos/logo.gif web address
	6. server interprets that request, finds the file, and sends the contents of that file to the web browser
	7. browser displays the image on monitor
can view web content locally, or on your own hard drive without the need for a server
Selecting a Web Hosting Provider
domain name + year of web hosting
look for: reliability (uptime), customer service, server space, bandwidth, domain name purchase, price
Reccommendations: A Small Orange, DailyRazor, LunarPages
Do not spend hours on end designing something that looks perfect on your computer -- unless you are willing to 
be disappointed when you look on another computer. 
Test on different browsers. 
FTP - File Transfer Protocol 
FTP clients require three pieces of information to connect your server:
	>Hostname
	>account username
	>account password
Popular FTP clients:
Fetch, FileZilla, FireFTP, CyberDuck
When you have a selected FTP client and installed, you are ready to upload and download files from your server.
Using an FTP client:
1. Fill in >> 
	The site Label is the name you'll use to refer to your own site.
	The FTP server is the FTP address of the web server to which you need to send your web pages.
	...This address will have been given to you by your hosting provider. yourdonaim.com
	The username/password
	Dont change values for Initial Remote Directory on First Connection and Initial Local Directory on First Connection
	...until you are used to using the client and have established a workflow.
2. Change directories to what is called the document root.
document root of your server is the directory that is designated to the top-level directory for your web content (perhaps public_html)
3. The goal is to transfer the sample.html you created to the server. 
   Find the file in the directory listing on the left of the FTP client interface and click on it once to highligh the filename.
4. Click the right arrow in the middle of the client interface to send file to server. 
5. Click the disconnect to close the connection. 

Basic File Management
document root of a web server is essentially the trailing slash in the full URL
Example: domain is > yourdonaim.com URL is > http://ww.yourdomain.com/
the document root is the directory presented by the trailing slash
...the sterting point of the directory structure you create on your web server
Always navigate to the document root of your web server before you start transferring files.
The index file in a web server directory can serve the same purpose as the index in a book. 
index.html file is the name you give to the page you want people to see as the default  file when they navigate to a specific directory
these configuration options will have already been determined by your hosting provider

Distributing Content w/o a Web Server
Publishing Content Locally
Assuming you need to create a local site that you wnat to distribute on a USB drive
